[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: So the last bit before
I turn you loose on some scripting tasks,
which I'm kind of weird in
that command line scripting is
my favorite part of Node.
I love to do stuff on the command line,
I don't know what my problem is.
There's lots of alternatives out there.
We already started talking
about some of them.
Gulp is probably the other major one.
The big advantage of Gulp over
something like Grunt is the fact that
it uses the Node JASS streams interface to
stream data from one plugin to another.
So that you don't have to wait for
one task to be completely finished
before you can start streaming
data to another task.
And that is really cool, and it does speed
things up oftentimes quite a lot, but
again, old man Kevin kind of thinks it's
harder to reason about how streams work.
And write custom tasks that
execute in the order that I expect
using the streaming interface.
So I did Gulp for a long time,
and then I kinda found myself
coming back to Grunt again.
Not because it's bad,
just because my simple mind
was able to comprehend what was going
on in Grunt a little bit more easily.
But it's super fast, and it also
has a very nice ecosystem of tools.
I think Grunt's been around longer,
so I think there's probably
more out there for Grunt.
But Gulp probably is cooler at this point.
So there's maybe more new stuff
being invented for Gulp these days.
Webpack is a tool that's out there
that some folks have kind of used
as a front end for executing tasks,
like for compiling their front end assets.
And it's really awesome,
it does a lot of really cool stuff.
It's got really cool plugins.
The way that you would implement those
cache buster URLs that I was talking about
briefly earlier, I think the easiest way
to do it is with Webpack through Grunt.
So there's lots of really great uses for
it, but
I think it's not necessarily as good of
a general purpose task runner as Grunt is.
Like I said, we use Grunt for
all kinds of stuff,
from deployed tasks to just
simple scripting stuff.
And that's not really what Webpack is for,
so using Webpack from Grunt, I think,
is the winning combo for me.
Yeah, we have another question?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
what happens if you don't
define default task in
the Grunt file?
>> Kevin Whinnery: If you don't define
a default task and you just run Grunt,
it will say that there's no default
task defined and it'll error out.
That's what'll happen if you
don't have a default defined.